Fixes for update 0.2.0.6 (#519)
thijsvanloef/palworld-server-docker: README.md

| RCON_ENABLED***                            | Enable RCON for the Palworld server                                                                                                                                                                 | true                                                                                               | true/false                                                                                                        |
| RCON_PORT                                  | RCON port to connect to                                                                                                                                                                             | 25575                                                                                              | 1024-65535                                                                                                        |

> | REST_API_ENABLED                                  | Enable REST API for the palworld server                                                                                                                                                                             | false                                                                                              | 1024-65535                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REST_API_ENABLED                                  | Enable REST API for the palworld server                                                                                                                                                                             | false                                                                                              | true/false                                                                                                        |
```
